and hello everyone dear viewers and
my channel subscribers with you today i
Simons and today on the agenda we have
training video
we all already know about the upcoming or already
entered force lock torrent
trackers for some it's like a knife in
heart how can we swing our loved ones now
games music and movies but on the website rutor
dot org an article was written about how
get around these same locks and today he
I consider these methods by the way in the description you
You can already find me saved
page with this instruction and with all
links who are interested go to
my site is by reference in the description and so
The first about top recommends using
his mirror is a mirror rutor.org
evri rutor.org what do i think about it i
I think and that this method is not the most
reliable as these sites could too
already get on vr lock but if you
Watch this video later May 1st and this one
the way you work
please write comments to others
it will be very useful to people as
This method is the easiest and most reliable.
just go to the site and sit on
the same ture
the second rutor is recommended to use
custom browser settings without
stopping any programs and
extensions go to my saved
page and click on the link in the second
read and consider it to be very
convenient and useful way, and it works
in any case, the third rotor offers
download us the torus browser and go to them
to the site through
anyone link here is this way i
I recommend you
it is free simple and fast you
Download yourself only to the browser from
fake stove maker somewhere in germany
you go to this site
fourth method is almost the same as 3
only here we are offered to download
slightly different browser refuel ebay
which is based on firefox
portable
with built-in top clients and proxies
Foxy Proxy Supplement
quite recommend it by the way too
I will remind again that you link to the article
can find in the description under this video
The fifth way suggests us to establish
Expansion I will immediately say that it is unreliable
as it can also be blocked 6
way but quite some kind of strange to us
suggest to turn turbo mode into
browsers opera or yandex browser does not
I recommend from 7 to 10 we advise
various articles
I advise you to read them too, because
You will be told about various options.
change gateway proxy ip and so on
very helpful can help if you have
other methods do not work 11 article
this is bypassing locks here 1 com freedom
Here are the various ways that
already worked when locking various
Russia sites in their list and browser tor
which I recommend to you but 12 way
this is for advanced
IT specialists I have already studied this method and
I can say with confidence that this
way you will work if you have
even hands if you have hands
slightly crooked you can lose
your internet
Well, so far on this way
run out summarize i am you
recommend the second third and fourth
the way
that's all my dear pirate ears
no one advice you get out like this
it's not legal at all
really not enough for everyone thanks for
view subscribe to the channel
evaluate and write in what way
favor here you yourself i was symons all
good luck and up to the new commercials